# Question-Answering_chatbot
Question answering (QA) is intended to answer questions defined in natural language. The question answering system provides an automated approach to getting a solution for natural language queries. Many QA surveys classify question-answering systems basedon a variety of criteria, including: A more comprehensive overview of the QA scheme is essential to a complete understanding of the QA scheme, how it has grown to meet current QA requirements, and the need to expand to meet future expectations. In this project we will do a quick survey of the general QA framework in terms of question analysis, passage search, answer extraction, and some important questions related to the QA system. To utilize software programs, we can use command line, graphical userinter-face (GUI), menu driven, form-based, natural language, and other user interfaces. Although the most common user interfaces are GUI and web-based, there are times when a different user interface is required. This is where a conversational user interface chat bot based on Question Answering System comes in handy. They usually offer a stateful service, which implies that each session’s data is preserved. It’s common to be unsure where to go on collage website for information. The answer is an inquiry chat bot, which is a quick, simple, and informative widget that improves collage website’s user experience while also giving important information to the user. Chat bots are sophisticated algorithms that communicate with humans using artificial intelligence (AI) and natural language processing (NLP) techniques.
